README.MD, before:

# Caesar Cipher Decryption Tool

A simple command-line tool for decrypting Caesar cipher-encrypted text. This tool can automatically search for the correct key by trying all possible shifts from -26 to +26 and stops once it finds a specified target variable in the decrypted text.

## Installation

To install the tool on Kali Linux, use the provided `install.sh` script. Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
sudo bash install.sh
```

## Usage

You can use the tool in two ways: by providing command-line arguments or by interacting with prompts.

### Example with Command-Line Arguments

You can specify the encrypted text and the target variable directly in the command line:

```bash
┌──(isaka㉿kali)-[~/temp/ctf]
└─$ caesar -d "wpjvJAM{jhlzhy_k3jy9wa3k_i204hkj6}" -w "CTF"
Key found: -19
Decrypted text: picoCTF{caesar_d3cr9pt3d_b204adc6}
```

### Example with Interactive Prompts

You can also run the tool without arguments and it will prompt you to enter the encrypted text and the target variable:

```bash
┌──(isaka㉿kali)-[~/temp/ctf]
└─$ caesar
Enter the encrypted text:
wpjvJAM{jhlzhy_k3jy9wa3k_i204hkj6}
Enter the target variable:
CTF

Key found: -19
Decrypted text: picoCTF{caesar_d3cr9pt3d_b204adc6}
```

## Script Details

- `caesar` is the command to run the decryption tool.
- `-d` flag is used to specify the encrypted text.
- `-w` flag is used to specify the target variable to search for in the decrypted text.

## Installation Script (`install.sh`)

Ensure your `install.sh` script builds and installs the Rust project correctly. The script should compile the Rust project and copy the resulting binary to a directory in your PATH, such as `/usr/local/bin`.

## Summary

This tool is designed to help you decrypt Caesar cipher text efficiently, either by specifying the necessary parameters directly in the command line or through interactive prompts. It's particularly useful for CTF challenges and learning more about classical encryption techniques.

Commit message:

Refactor installation and execution logic for Caesar cipher tool
This commit introduces several improvements to the installation and execution
mechanism of the Caesar cipher tool, ensuring better compatibility across
Debian-based systems and Termux environments.

Changes include:
- Refactored "install.sh" to detect system type and adjust installation paths
  dynamically. The script now installs binaries in "$HOME/.local/bin" for
  Debian-based systems and "/data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin" for Termux.
- Removed hardcoded root requirement to allow user-level installations.
- Updated execution script ("caesar") to correctly locate binaries in
  "$HOME/.local/share/caesar" instead of "/opt", improving portability.
- Added an "uninstall" option to "caesar", allowing users to remove all
  installed files cleanly.
- Implemented "-h" and "--help" options in "caesar" for better usability.
- Adjusted permission settings to ensure executables are correctly marked
  as executable ("chmod +x").
- Cleaned up unnecessary system checks and improved logging for better
  user feedback during installation.
- Updated "README.MD" to remove unnecessary "sudo" in the installation
  instructions.

These changes improve portability, remove unnecessary root dependencies,
and ensure the tool functions properly in both standard Linux environments
and Termux.

Signed-off-by: Isaka James <mr.isakajames@gmail.com>

README.MD, after:

# Caesar Cipher Decryption Tool

A simple command-line tool for decrypting Caesar cipher-encrypted text. This tool can automatically search for the correct key by trying all possible shifts from -26 to +26 and stops once it finds a specified target variable in the decrypted text.

## Installation

To install the tool on Kali Linux, use the provided `install.sh` script. Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
bash install.sh
```

## Usage

You can use the tool in two ways: by providing command-line arguments or by interacting with prompts.

### Example with Command-Line Arguments

You can specify the encrypted text and the target variable directly in the command line:

```bash
┌──(isaka㉿kali)-[~/temp/ctf]
└─$ caesar -d "wpjvJAM{jhlzhy_k3jy9wa3k_i204hkj6}" -w "CTF"
Key found: -19
Decrypted text: picoCTF{caesar_d3cr9pt3d_b204adc6}
```

> You can use that when you only know that before encryption, the plain text contained `CTF` in it, you can use that to many various words out there :)

### Example with Interactive Prompts

You can also run the tool without arguments and it will prompt you to enter the encrypted text and the target variable:

```bash
┌──(isaka㉿kali)-[~/temp/ctf]
└─$ caesar
Enter the encrypted text:
wpjvJAM{jhlzhy_k3jy9wa3k_i204hkj6}
Enter the target variable:
CTF

Key found: -19
Decrypted text: picoCTF{caesar_d3cr9pt3d_b204adc6}
```

## Script Details

- `caesar` is the command to run the decryption tool.
- `-d` flag is used to specify the encrypted text.
- `-w` flag is used to specify the target variable to search for in the decrypted text.
- `-h` or `--help` flag is used to show help and how to use the tool.

## Installation Script (`install.sh`)

Ensure your `install.sh` script builds and installs the Rust project correctly. The script should compile the Rust project and copy the resulting binary to a directory in your PATH, such as `~/.local/share"` (for `debian` based users).

> For uninstallation you just stype 

```bash
┌──(isaka㉿kali)-[~/temp/ctf]
└─$ caesar uninstall
```

## Summary

This tool is designed to help you decrypt Caesar cipher text efficiently, either by specifying the necessary parameters directly in the command line or through interactive prompts. It's particularly useful for CTF challenges and learning more about classical encryption techniques.

- If you would like to see its source codes, you can see it [in this commit](https://github.com/isaka-james/caesar/commit/bc8b34ec52aa8034856eb8b0ebd20979082689e9)
